All selected birds have an all-purpose bill shape 
The selected birds are small
The selected birds are perch like
The selected birds tail pattern are multi-colored
The selected birds primary color is blue
The selected birds belly pattern is solid
The selected bird crown color is blue
The selected bird wing pattern is mult-colored
These birds usually are partially blue in color.
These birds are usually small.
These birds usually  have a multi-purpose beak.
These birds usually have a white belly.
These birds usually have striped wings.
The bills are pointed, symmetrical.
Most are blue on top and lighter colored on the bottom.
They are small but not very small.
The shape is roundish with medium sized legs.
Crowns are mostly solid blue
Wing are mostly t primary color with white or light colored  bands.
Blue with black and white stripes on the wings
black and white stripes
White belly
selected birds are often small
selected birds tend to have a blue color
selected birds tend to have a white belly
Tail has blue and black strips 
Solid white underbelly 
Is very small bird 
Has a blue crown
Shape is similar to a perching like bird 
Bill is a pointy cone
Belly is a solid white
Wing is blue and gray
the selected birds always have a dagger bill.
the selected birds mostly have a blue color.
the selected birds are always small.
the selected birds sometimes have a striped tail pattern.
the selected birds usually have a blue crown.
the selected birds sometimes have a multi-colored pattern.
All selected birds are blue
All slected birds are blue-jay like. 
All selected birds have striped wings. 
All selected birds have a dagger beak
All of the other birds are not blue. 
All selected birds are blue except one.
All slected birds are blue-jay like.
All selected birds have striped wings.
All selected birds have a dagger beak
Most of the other birds are brown.
Cone shaped bills
Small body birds
Pigeon-like birds
striped tails with a mix of blue, black and white feathers
White under belly
Most prominently blue
Blue feathers on its crown
striped wings with mix of blue, black and white feathers.
