A selected bird's wing pattern will almost always be solid
The belly pattern will always be 1 solid color
Selected birds will always be medium-sized
The tail pattern will almost always be a solid color
Selected birds have a dark blue color, with a shiny sheen to them.
Selected birds have a solid colored tail, matching that of their crown.
The Crown on the selected birds match their tail and primary color, dark blue.
Selected birds almost always have a blue-green primary color.
Selected birds usually have a perching-like shape.
Selected birds tend to have solid wing patterns.
Usually selected birds are small in size.
Most selected birds have an all-purpose beak,
Selected birds generally have solid tail patterns.
Selected birds are always blue.
Selected birds have a pigeon-like shape.
Selected birds have a cone shape bill.
Selected birds have a medium size.
All selected birds are blue
All selected birds have blue crowns
Selected birds almost always have a blue colored body
Selected birds always have an all-purpose bill
Selected birds are always medium size
Selected birds almost always have multi-colored tail pattern
Selected birds almost always have a blue crown
Selected birds almost always have multi-colored wings that have blue and green
Selected birds are always long-legged-like
The selected bird almost always has a dagger shaped bill.
The selected bird always is very small to small sized.
The selected bird is mostly swallow-like shaped
The selected bird mostly has a blue and black colored tint.
The selected bird is almost always multi-colored
Selected birds are usually blue.
selected birds are all blue
other birds are usually brown
Selected birds usually have a cone shaped bill
Other birds are generally quite small.
Selected birds are almost always blue
Most all of the selected birds are blue 
Most of the other birds are brown
Most of the selected birds have a blue crown color
Most of the selected birds have a solid tail patern
Most of the selected birds are medium size
Most of the other birds are small size
Selected birds are often blue
Selected birds are never primarily brown
Selected birds usually have solid pattern tails
