Selected birds are always small.
Selected birds are primarily brown.
Most selected birds have striped wings.
Selected birds have a light belly.
Selected birds have the same color crown as their body.
Selected birds are perching-like.
The selected birds have small and short cone shaped bills.
The selected birds have slim, small bodies.
If the bird's body is pigeon shaped, it's probably a selected bird.
The selected birds' tails are mostly solid colors.
If the belly is plain white or gray, it is most likely a selected bird.
Most of the selected birds have a solid grey primary color.
Almost all of the selected birds have a grey crown.
Many of the selected birds have a striped wing pattern.
The bills are flat on the bottom and curved at the top.
The bills are 1/2 as long as the head is wide.
The bills do not have straight sides, that is they are not a perfect cone.
The tailfeathers are equal in length to the body minus the head.
The belly is almost always a solid, muted gray color.
The wing feathers are dark gray with off-white ends, creating a fan pattern.
The crown is always a smooth semicircle.
The crown is the same color as the back of the bird, gray.
The birds are almost always gray.
The belly is always full and round, and the back straight.
Selected birds have a dagger like beak
Selected birds are narrow
Selected birds are skinny
Selected birds have a white belly
Selected birds have a black white pattern on the tip of their wings
Selected birds have a solid colored tail
Selected birds are primarily a greyish-brownish color
Selected birds have a orange outlining pupil color
Selected birds have a thin, slender tail
the wing pattern is almost always multi-colored
the primary color is mostly grey
the size is primarily medium. 
selected birds all appear to be medium
selected birds crown color is usually brown
selected birds primary color is usually grey
selected birds are mostly grey
selected birds have a striped wing pattern
selected birds are usually small
selected birds are sometimes medium
other birds are sometimes large
